Name: KeZhou(Vita) Chen, Chenyang(Clara) Wang
Student ID: 423121, 445113


Link to the home page: http://ec2-52-25-45-59.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com/~vitac215/module5/index.html


Username List (username, password):
news_inst, news_password
calcalcal, calcalcal
tester, tester
baeknuna, 12345



Basic usage:
- Enter username and password, and press the register button.
- Enter the username and password again, and press the login button to login.
- Click a day to create an event on that day. You can choose to tag it with a category or share it to another user (with correct username).
- Click an event to edit or delete it 
(while only the time and title will be displayed on the calendar, you can view the full content on the edit/delete panel). 



Brief description for the creative portion:
(1)Tag an event with a particular category
Users can tag an event with a particular category among "none, important, birthday, meeting and personal".
Users can also enable/disable those tags in the calendar view.

(2)Share events with other users
Users can choose to share the event with another user by entering the correct username when creating the event.
Both users will be able to view, edit, or delete the event then.
One difference is that the other user will see a title attached by the original user's username.
For example, if the original user named "cal" creates an event titled "Let's study 330 together",
it will appear as "Let's study 330 together shared by cal" in the other's user's calendar view.

(3)Click a day to create an event on that day
Users can click a day on the calendar to create an event on that day.
There is no need to manually enter the date (we noticed that many of our classmates did their create event function in that way).
The date will be automatically gotten by just clicking the day on the calendar.
Though the assignment did not specify a way to create events,
we think the way we did that requires some extra work and deserves some creative points.

(4)Highlight current date
The current date will always have a light red background, different from other dates.
